bye
this is
that's mommy
this is get ready to explore my india
three exciting cities mumbai cochin and
go up we start with my fascinating warm
up Mumbai is derived from Mumma devi the
patron goddess of kali fisher phones
Mumbai is fear heading India's move into
21st century hi I'm Ron John day today
I'm going to take you on a mango chase
and brand I'm going to take you to the
house where Rudyard Kipling the famous
author was born and then make mango
lassi is favorite summer drink so come
on let's go a magnificent starting point
lose yourself in the endless metropolis
this is the gateway of india built to
commemorate the visit of king george
fifth and queen mary in 1911 the Gateway
combines gujarati temple architecture
with Islamic motive in a purely European
building time this is mumbai's principal
landmark in a small park nearby stands
this imposing statue of great shivaji
17th century local hero more about his
colorful character later in the program
now we start our search for mangoes next
stop Kipling's home
behind me is a house where we did
cripplingly he wrote the famous
international children's story the
jungle book and if but that's another
story this amazing setting takes me back
into the days when young Rudyard Kipling
sat on the sport and perhaps wrote his
first poem or a short story lockwood
Kipling father of Rudyard Kipling was
the first principle of JJ Art Institute
it was a renowned sculptor who created
exterior motives of this grand victoria
terminus a real gateway for the locals
to arrive at work he also created the
motives for the entrance of Crawford
market our destination for mango heaven
I'm here and Crawford market my search
for mangoes are over I'm in mango heaven
did you know there is more than 200
varieties of mangoes and nir and all of
them are available here in the crawford
market
you must be wondering what the heck I'm
doing in this mango basket well I want
to tell you about shivaji he was the
Robin Hood character he used to plunder
from the rich and give to the poor he
was called a mountain why he was so
slippery and slithery well he got just
he got caught just once and then he
escaped in a mango basket today I want
to be like a shivaji and escape from
this Crawford market let's try this
let's see what it works as you can see I
did escape from the Crawford market and
I have no idea how these got in my
pockets but to do since we have this we
are going to make a wonderful drink the
favorite summer drink of Rudyard Kipling
and this called mango lassi and it's
very famous all over india and to make
that to show you how to do it i have my
good friend manish and he is the chef in
india jones it's a famous fabulous
restaurant very popular in over our
towers so are going to show us how to
make this wonderful summer drink the
mango lassi sure but tell me did you pay
for those mangoes let's talk about it
later okay it just just show us how to
make this mango lassi you know what they
say in India expansion the best mango is
always strolling well I don't know what
you're talking about you know if you're
trying to tell me something it's over me
okay let's do the mango lassi all you
need is yogurt ok pop of a fruit of your
choice ok it will serve a lot of ice and
of course you got to do a very different
version so I'm going to flavor it with a
little bit of cardamom and a few strands
of sample
I can you begin by scooping up twice oh
is this a secret ingredient wow you know
being summer and all it could be the
secret ingredient is nice and ok in goes
you're all right because i'm using
Alphonso mango powder very nice
holding some sugar syrup but there and
all you got to do is take it what kind
of we yogurt is this is it like a full
cream yogurt or is full cream yogurt I'm
just garnishing it with some okay prices
of special canto Michael cardamom powder
very little of color a little it would
tend to make it it covers a very
powerful spice to tend to make your
lousy burger okay and that's not what
you want and of course just a few
strands of saffron okay when you taste a
messenger me online well Cheers thank
you for showing us how to make this
wonderful drink veggies like I want to
share with you what my eccentric
grandmother used to say the best way to
eat in mango is naked in the bathtub
she's right this is the best way